File download keep folders (#1317)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [6.16.0] - 2023-08-28
### Added

> - Added parameter `keep_folder_structure`to `client.files.download` to allow downloading files to a folder structure matching the one in CDF.
> This also keeps all files when downloading, and avoid the problem of files being ignored if they have the same name in different folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added parameter `keep_directory_structure`to `client.files.download` to allow downloading files to a folder structure matching the one in CDF.

### Improved
- Using `client.files.download` will still skip files with the same name when writing to disk, but now a `UserWarning` is raised, specifying which files are concerned.
```
